[0048] - GroupWaveIndex - Change to using an intrinsic vs system value and also add WaveGetCount (#739)
microsoft/hlsl-specs: proposals/0048-group-wave-index.md

## Introduction

The proposal is for two new shader intrinsics:

* `WaveGetGroupIndex()`: returns the index of the wave in the thread group

> * `WaveGetCount()`: returns the number of waves executing the thread group

Reviewer: Since there's already a `SV_GroupIndex`, this might be confusing as worded. Also, `WaveGetCount()` might seem ambiguous to someone who doesn't see that lane count is retrieved via `WaveGetLaneCount()`. Plus, these don't pair up to make a nice pattern, and can we assume a wave count/index would be for the thread group? What other scope could it be for?

What about one of these?

If we really need to keep the `Wave` prefix. This seems most consistent with the existing `WaveGetLaneCount` while extending the pattern to `WaveCount`, even if it sounds a little repetitive.
```suggestion
* `WaveGetWaveIndex()`: returns the index of the wave in the thread group
* `WaveGetWaveCount()`: returns the number of waves executing the thread group
```

Shorter and still seems clear enough:
```md
* `GetWaveIndex()`: returns the index of the wave in the thread group
* `GetWaveCount()`: returns the number of waves executing the thread group
```

Include `Group` (without the `Wave` prefix):
```md
* `GetGroupWaveIndex()`: returns the index of the wave in the thread group
* `GetGroupWaveCount()`: returns the number of waves executing the thread group
```

Each of these options more intuitively pair together.

Author: I think GetGroupWave* makes the most sense
